- I get a feeling
there's gonna be a riot.
- I don't read the newspapers
because they all
have ugly print.
* Check me out
- * At the starting
of the week
* At summit talks you'll
hear them speak
* It's only Monday
* Negotiations breaking down
* See those leaders
start to frown
* It's sword and gun day
* Tomorrow never comes
until it's too late
- * Come come come
come come with it
* Come come come
- * You could be sitting
taking lunch
* The news will hit
you like a punch
* It's only Tuesday
- * What time is it?
- * You never thought
we'd go to war
* After all the things we saw
* It's April Fools' day
- * What time is it?
- * Tomorrow never comes
until it's too late
* Tomorrow never comes
* You hear a
whistling overhead
* Are you alive or
are you dead?
* It's only Thursday
- * What time is it?
- * You feel the shaking
of the ground
* A million candles
burn around
* Is it your birthday?
- * What time is it?
- * Tomorrow never comes
until it's too late
- * Get tomorrow on the phone
* Tryin' to be smart
* Get tomorrow on the phone
- * Tomorrow never comes
until it's too late
* I need to see tomorrow
* Tryin' to reach tomorrow
* Big Tomorrow's come
I think it's too late
- * Another day
* Tomorrow is another day
- Nice ride.
- It does the job.
- What job,
delivering pizzas?
- Well, it's not the ride,
it's the rider.
- What the hell was that?
- What?
- Hey!
You talking to my girl?
- Oh, shit. Here we go.
- Yeah.
- She was just admiring my ride.
- My ride.
- My grandma's Buick could
smoke that piece of shit,
trailer trash.
- Well, what about
your daddy's Viper?
- Ooh!
- This beast's got
500 horsepower
and a Borla exhaust system.
It does 0 to 60 in,
like, 4.3 seconds.
- That's about right.
- Yeah.
- Wow.
You can read the brochure.
( engine starts )
( glass breaking )
- Boom!
- ( cheering )
- Let's make it happen.
- Bring it.
- Why don't you nice boys let
your cars do the talking?
- I only race for pink slips.
- This car goes
for 80 grand.
What would I do
with a broken-ass piece
of shit like that?
- Ooh!
- How about me?
Winner gets me.
- Woo!
- Go, go, go!
( shouting )
- Buzz off, baby!
- First one out
the other side.
- Baby! Let's go!
- Ready, boys?
- Make it interesting, Clay.
( engines revving )
( girl shrieks )
- * Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
* Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
* Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
* This is for the questions
that don't have any answers
* The midnight glances
and the topless dancers
* The gander freaks,
cars packed with speakers
* The G's with the 40's and
the chicks with beepers
* The northern lights and
the southern comfort
* And it don't even matter
if their veins are punctured
* All the crackheads,
the critics, the cynics
* And all my heroes in
the methadone clinics
* All you bastards
at the I.R.S.
- Shit!
- * For the crooked cops
and the cluttered desks
* For the shots of jack
And the caps of meth
( shouting )
- * Half pints of love
And the fifth's of stress
* For the hookers all
trickin' out in Hollywood
* And for my hoods of
the world misunderstood
- Yeah!
- * I said it's all good,
it's all in fun
* Now get in the pit
and try love someone
* Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
* Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
* Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
( laughs )
* Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
* Come on, come on
* For the time bombs tickin'
* And the heads to hang
* All the gangs gettin' money
* And the heads
they bang-bang
* Wild mustangs
The porno flicks
* All my homies in
the county in cellblock 6
* The grits where there
ain't enough eggs to cook
* And for D.B. Cooper
and the money he took
* You can look for answers
but that ain't fun
* Now get in the pit and
try to love someone
* Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
* The grits where there
ain't enough eggs to cook
* And for D.B. Cooper
and the money he took
* You can look for answers
but that ain't fun
* Now get in the pit and
try to love someone
- I thought you loved me.
- * Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
- Oh, well.
- What the hell?
- Guess I got
a new date for prom.
- * Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
- Clay, stop the car!
- Shut up!
( shrieks )
- Clay, stop the car!
- Shut up!
- Stop it!
Clay, please stop!
Please stop!
( screaming )
- * Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
* Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
* Bawitdaba da bang-da bang
diggy diggy diggy
* Said the boogie said
up jump the boogie
( phone ringing )
- Can I get a copy of that?
- You think this is
a joke, huh?
You see Ken and Barbie
over there?
They're gonna walk
out of here without even
a slap on the wrist.
Mommy and Daddy
are too hooked up.
But I like screw-ups
like you.
You know why?
'Cause you're 100 percent
guaranteed conviction.
- Where's my car?
- I crushed it.
- You did what?
- Sit down!
- Easy. Easy.
- You're done.
You understand me?
You're done. And all before
your 18th birthday.
Now sit down.
( knocking)
- Sean.
What the hell were
you thinkin', huh?
- Mrs. Boswell? Please.
- It's-- it's Miss.
Officer, is it illegal
to smoke in here?
- It's a tough state.
And it's a pretty
clear-cut case.
He'll be lucky if they
don't try him as an adult.
- This is our third town
in two years.
- Your son's got two priors
for reckless driving,
willful destruction
of property.
This makes it strike three.
They're definitely gonna want
to get him off the streets.
- Well, there's just got
to be another way.
- So, where are we
moving this time?
- We are not moving anywhere.
( baby crying )
( no audible dialogue )
( doorbuzzer sounds )
- Sean.
I thought you were gonna
be here on the 7th.
- Today is the 7th.
- Well, look, just hold
on one second.
Domo arigato.
( speaks Japanese )
- Come on in.
This is it.
You know, Sean, I was--
I was gonna be there.
But your mom,
she said the 7th, see,
and we're a day
ahead of you in Japan.
Well, you're here now,
and that's good.
So, how is your mom?
- Where do I sleep?
- Now, Sean, you know
she had no other choice.
I mean, it was either
this or juvie hall,
I mean, you just
can't keep moving away
every time you get
into trouble.
- Worked for you.
- Look, neither of us
asked for this.
But I promised your mom
I'd take care of you.
So you just go by the rules
her and I agreed to,
and I'm sure you'll
manage just fine.
- Rules?
- Yeah, rules.
Real simple.
You go to school, you come
back here right after.
And I don't want to see or hear
about you anywhere near a car.
Here, the bedroom is yours.
Make yourself comfortable.
Lights out in ten.
( electronic music plays )
( speaking Japanese )
( alarm clock rings )
- You got to be kiddin'.
- * It's time to learn
the Barracuda!
- * Yeah!
* Everybody do the
- * Do what, baby?
* Come on and do
the barracuda
* Wooie!
* B A
* RR A
* C U
* D A
* Here's a dance to do
Here's a dance that's new
* The Barracuda
* Here's a dance to do
Here's a dance that's new
* The Barracuda
( speaking Japanese )
- Wrong train.
- Huh?
- I'm new here.
( speaking Japanese )
- Boswell-kun?
- Boswell, yes, ma'am.
( speaking Japanese )
- Wabaki.
- Okay. Wabaki.
( speaking Japanese )
- Wabaki. Wabaki.
Wabaki.
- * Ha ha hoo ha ha
* Hoo ha hoo ha
hoo ha hoo ha
* Oooie
* Oh, baby, come on
* Here's a dance to do
Here's a dance that's new
* The Barracuda
- Japanese food is
like the Army.
Don't ask, don't tell.
Name's Twinkie.
Hey, I noticed you
ain't have a laptop.
- Yeah?
- I'll hook you up.
Half price.
- No, I'm cool.
- 60 percent off. Hmm?
Since we're both
army brats and everything.
- I ain't got no cash, man.
And I ain't an army brat.
- All right, all right.
Well, what about
a cell phone, huh?
Everybody needs
a cell phone.
- No offense, but I'm
probably not gonna be here
long enough
to remember your name.
- Then you gonna need some new
shoes to book town with, man.
You like Michael Jordan?
I love Michael Jordan.
Check this out.
Brand new Jordans.
Not even out yet.
LeBron James couldn't even
get his hands on those.
- You selling that Sparco
steering wheel?
- Hell, no.
That's mine right there.
Man, I even paid
retail for it.
- What you drive?
- Oh, my ride?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. My ride's one of a kind.
- Show me.
- Thought you weren't
stickin' around.
All right.
- * My life be like
* Ooh ahh Ooh ahh
* My life be like
* Ooh ahh Ooh ahh Ooh ahh
* It's times like these
that make me say
* Lord if you see me
please come my way
* Leavin' bread crumbs
for when I stray
- All right, all right.
* Feel me like a fingertip
- Slamming, huh?
Look at that car.
Ooh!
- At least let me drive.
Y'all better have some
real cars around here.
- Okay. I see somebody
got jokes, huh?
Well, all right.
I don't know if you're ready
for them, though.
You look a little nervous.
- What up, Tosh?
- * Where you get it from?
* I got it from the town
* From the town, baby
- * I wonder if you know
* How they live in Tokyo
* If you see me then
you mean it
* Then you know you
have to go
* Drift, Drift, Drift
* I wonder if you know
* How they live in Tokyo
* If you see me then
you mean it
* Then you know you
have to go
- For when you
blow your wad, man.
( Japanese singing )
( tires screeching )
- Hear that?
It's still not right
for the way I drive.
[Speaking Japanese]
'Cause the way you drive
is wrong! See?
- I don't need a computer
to tell me about
my throttle response.
- Okay.
Then we're done here.
- You wouldn't have
that problem with a V8.
- Boys.
All they care about is
who's got the biggest engine.
- I'm a guy.
It's in my DNA.
So y'all race with
these things, huh?
Cute little toys.
- You know, I almost
didn't recognize you
without your slippers on.
- Don't you mean wabaki?
Neela, right?
- You're a quick learner.
- So, where you from,
anyway?
- Here.
- No. I mean, not
where you live.
Where'd you come from?
- Does it really matter
where I'm from?
- Who's the tourist?
- What's with you and
the schoolgirls, D?
You're moving up
in the world.
You gotta elevate
your company.
- Wednesday, Wednesday,
meet Thursday.
God. Girl.
Ladies, hold that
thought, all right?
All right, beautiful.
Hold up.
- Hey!
- He was just leaving.
( speaking Japanese )
- I'm sorry.
I don't speak Japanese.
- Understand that?
Gaijin?
- Takashi.
- We were just talking.
- This isn't your scene.
- That word you called me,
gaijin or something or other,
what does that mean exactly?
- Means, turn around,
keep walking.
- That's exactly
what we gonna do.
Come on, man, let's roll.
- Yo, look, man,
he's Yakuza.
- Now, see, that's funny,
'cause I thought this was,
like, a free country
Where a girl could talk
to whoever she wants.
- You know who I am, boy?
- Yeah.
You're like
the Justin Timberlake
of Japan, right?
( chuckles )
( speaking Japanese )
- Leave.
- Damn, man.
You know Yakuza?
The Mafia?
- Look, sorry, DK-san.
Monkey didn't have
his banana today.
- Hey, D, let's go.
It's time to race.
- Hey, good luck,
Timberlake.
- You're the one that's lucky,
'cause I'm about to race.
- Then let's race.
( chuckles )
- With what, huh?
Your skateboard?
Easy to sound cocky
when you got no ride.
- Take mine.
- Let's race.
- What? I wanna see
what the kid's got.
- Can he drive?
You know what DK
stands for?
- Donkey Kong?
- Drift King.
- Drift?
What do you mean, drift?
( cheering )
( tires screeching )
- Still need a dictionary?
You know that
real famous painting?
The one of the woman
who's smiling all the time?
- The Mona Lisa.
- Right, right, right, right.
Mona Lisa.
Well, look, man, this car
right here's like
the Mona Lisa of
the drift world.
Han rebuilt this bad boy
from ground up.
We talking forged pistons,
bigger turbo, new rods,
new crankshaft.
Hey, man, Han's labor
ain't cheap, man, you feel me?
- Well, if I needed a 30-second
lesson on how to drift--
- All right, look, man.
There's lots of ways you
can do this, all right?
Hand braking is the easiest,
so the first thing I want you
to do, I want you to rip
that e-brake.
All right?
After you rip the e-brake,
then I want you to power over.
You know what?
Just don't mess up
Mona, all right?
All right.
- * Catch my performance
it ain't hard to argue
* Why I landed in stardom
My value's enormous
* When you got it,
you got it, man
* I can't even call it
* Ain't really more
to say about me now
* Chorus
- * This big money talk
* It's so electrifying
* This is big money talk
* It's so mesmerizing
( speaking Japanese )
( engines rev )
- Ready.
- Set.
- Go!
( shouts )
* And now it's time to die
* Cause I can see the sun
* The end is near
I'm feeling high ...
* How fast can I run?
* Just to feel it
Speed
( shouting )
- * Speed
Speed
* Destroy!
Who dies next?
* I tell a story
from the underground
* Nothing hyped about it
- Ah!
( chuckles )
- * You may not count
in the new world order
* And now it's time to die
* Cause I can see the sun
- I told you.
- * The end is near
I'm feeling high ...
* How fast can I run?
* The pills are ready
to be dropped
* 1, 2, 3, 4, Got the Joker,
shoot the score
( speaking Japanese )
- * Speed
- * Just don't believe it
Speed
* Speed
- Damn it!
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
* 1, 2, 3, 4, Got the Joker,
shoot the score
- * And now it's time to die
* Cause I can see the sun
* The end is near
I'm feeling high
* How fast can I run?
* The pills are ready
to be dropped
* 1, 2, 3, 4, Got the Joker,
shoot the score
- Damn it!
( cheering )
( engine revs )
- * Speed
- * Just don't believe it
Speed
* Speed
( cheering )
( revs engine )
( screaming )
( laughing )
- Don't leave town.
- Do you know what time it is?
- I thought it was
around 7 o'clock.
You know, U.S.
is a few hours behind.
Looks like the party
was better here, anyway.
- Have you been racing, Sean?
You're out of here.
- Go ahead.
- You don't get it, do you?
You have nowhere else to go.
If it doesn't work out here,
you're going to jail.
Do you get that?
This isn't a game.
And I'm gonna tell you
one more time,
if you're gonna live
under my roof,
you're gonna go by
my rules or get out.
Understand?
- Yes, sir.
- Get in.
- I'll get you your money.
- Why you talking like you
have a choice?
There's a guy in there with a
paw that owes me some money.
- A paw?
- Go get me my money.
- Okay.
( speaking Japanese)
- Han said, um...
okane.
Han said okane.
( growls )
( grunts )
( speaking Japanese )
- Let's go.
You're in the pickup and
delivery business now.
I might call you once
a week or once an hour.
I don't care if you're sick as
a dog or in bed with Beyoncé.
I call, you show.
- Only if you teach me
how to drift.
- This ain't a negotiation.
- I wasn't negotiating.
( video game noises )
( speaking Japanese)
- Hai.
What's he doing here?
- He's paying me back
for that crumpled beer can
sitting in my garage.
- Hope he's not driving.
Gaijin.
When is your next race?
I'd really like to be there.
- Why not be in it?
[Speaking Japanese]
You really a badass, cowboy,
or you just talk like one?
- You heard me.
- Ready to lose
another car, Han?
- I'm ready to take that
'86 Corolla off your hands.
- All right.
Put up the '72 Skyline.
- Done.
- What do you think,
Morimoto, huh?
- Get him out of here.
We have business to discuss.
Your shipment's late.
- Since when are you so
worried about the details?
- When is the shipment
arriving, Han?
- Just sit pretty
and let me handle it.
( speaking Japanese )
- Hey, Dad, it's me.
I had to stay after school for
some extracurricular activities.
So I'll be home
a little later.
Sir.
You really need to stop
following me around.
- What are you doing here?
- I thought I'd stop by
and ask your boyfriend
for some drifting lessons.
- Trust me.
You don't wanna be
a part of this world.
- It's good enough for you.
- You don't know
anything about me.
- Well, why don't
you think I know?
'Cause I'm a gaijin?
An outsider?
Let me guess.
You're an army brat
who moved around a lot.
Your mama and daddy
was never home.
So you walked around
pissed off all the time
and now you found your family
with these drift nuts.
- Zero for one, cowboy.
- Why can't you go find
a nice Japanese girl
like the rest of
the white guys around here?
- * Mamacita, oh my God
* I think you're on fire
* Do you want me to
get you water?
- Is everything okay
back there?
- I can handle DK.
- I thought he's Yakuza.
- His uncle's Yakuza.
He's just playing gangster
in his little storage room.
But I need him.
He keeps Uncle Kamata from
poking around too much.
- What do you mean?
- Well, his uncle gets
a piece of the action
from everyone on his turf.
We're on his turf.
50 percent of something
is better
than 100 percent of nothing.
- So have you raced DK?
Why not?
Is he that good?
- What's the point of a race?
- To see if I'm better
than the other guy.
- Just proves
you're faster, that's all.
If I were to race, it would have
to be for something important.
Or why else do it at all?
- Why are you
letting me race?
- 'Cause you're
DK's kryptonite.
And you owe me a car.
( engine roars )
( chuckles )
- Oh, shit.
What the--
Police cars here are
only factory-tuned.
You can do better than 180k,
they can't catch you,
so they don't even try.
- You know what?
I'm beginning to like
this country already.
- Danny!
Oh, you're looking good.
- Hey.
( Japanese music playing )
- Disco.
( speaking Japanese )
- We gotta catch up.
Get you a drink on me, huh?
Let's go.
- Uh-oh.
Easy now, ladies.
Come on.
* Hey, Mami, you sexy
- Hey!
What's up?
How you doing?
Hey, baby.
* Hey, Mami, you sexy
* Can I get that number
* Big hot pockets,
feya, ugly
* Corny, busted, chopped,
straight fugly
* British guys playing rugby
* Brooklyn boys
who wanna thug me
* Skanky, cranky,
foogly, oogly
* Slammin' dudes
that wanna do me
- Keep your hands
off the kid, girls.
He's underage.
- Ladies, ladies, ladies.
Disneyland for grownups, huh?
- All these girls, man,
they look like--
- What, models?
Check it out.
See, Tokyo is
the fashion capital
on this side of the planet,
all right?
Now, imagine you been
posing all day.
I mean, that's
a lot of hard work.
Not only do you get tired,
but, on top of that,
you wanna have a little fun,
but you can't
'cause you don't even
know nobody in town.
And most of the guys around
here are too chicken shit
to even try picking up one.
So what do you do?
Man, you talk to the little
dude who makes you laugh.
Yeah.
Look, man, I don't just
think outside the box.
I tear it up.
That's my thing.
Yo.
Americano snickers and shit.
- Sean!
* Hey, Mami, you sexy
* It's dipset Bitch
* There it go
Baby don't stop now
* Damn shorty look good
and I'm thinkin' 'bout
* Gettin' at her
* Okay, time to whistle at her
* Aye girl you make
my whistle blow
* There it go
Bring it here baby
* Top down and I'm
at it again
* It's hot now and
I'm at it to win
* You heard me
* Who want it with me
* Nobody wanna it with me
* Oh, I'm so fly
* Oh, Mami, back up
* Move it till you
feel something
* Hard on your back
- The red Evo's yours.
- * There it go
* If you want it come
and get it
* I ain't kidding
I'm with it
* Here it go
* So Girl let me
see you get low
* There it go
* Yeah just like that
* Move your thing
like a boomerang
- What do you mean?
- You're representing
me now.
What you think, I'm gonna
let you roll in a Hyundai?
* Hey, Girl let me
see you get low
( tires screeching )
- Oh!
- Oh, man.
- Damn it.
[Speaking Japanese]
You call that drifting?
- My mother, she's blind
in one eye
and she can drift
better than that.
Han, where did
you find this guy?
- Will someone please teach
this guy how to drift?
( speaking Japanese )
- Is that yours?
- Sure is.
- What happened?
- I don't know.
I found it this way
at the base.
- It's got potential.
- Yeah, maybe.
We'll see.
You know, Sean, the Japanese
have a saying.
( speaking Japanese )
The nail that sticks out
gets hammered.
You're gonna be late.
( bell ringing )
- Sean!
( speaking Japanese )
( shouting )
( grunting )
[Speaking Japanese]
That's for selling me
a broken iPod!
- Come on, man, you broke it.
- Hey, whoa, whoa.
There must be a
misunderstanding.
- Out of my way,
or you're next.
- Take it easy.
- Hey, look, man, I don't
do refunds, all right?
- Okay, let's go, then!
- Let's go!
- Touch me again.
Here.
Try not to break this one.
( spits )
- Say, man!
What the hell is
wrong with you, huh?
Now everybody's gonna want
exchanges around here.
Damn!
- Not easy saving
the day, is it?
- Maybe you could give me
some pointers sometime.
- You're doing all right.
- Thanks.
Hey.
- Yeah?
- Sorry about the other night.
Your life isn't any of my
business.
- It's okay.
* We go round, round,
round, round
* Everywhere that I go
* People know me by the way I
flow
* I keep it moving
in the right direction
- Foul!
- Ain't no damn foul.
- That was a foul.
- Yo, you in my face.
Hey, Han, sort
this wanker out.
- A wanker?
- What do I look like, a zebra?
- So, how did you end up
over here, anyway?
- Well, you know
those old Westerns
where the cowboys make a
run for the border?
This is my Mexico.
- Why'd you let me race
with your car?
You knew I was
gonna wreck it.
- Why not?
- 'Cause it's
a lot of money.
- I have money.
It's trust and character
I need around me.
You know, who you choose
to be around you
lets you know who you are.
And one car in exchange
for knowing
what a man's made of,
that's a price I
can live with.
Look at all those
people down there.
They follow the rules,
for what?
They're letting fear
lead them.
- What happens if
they don't?
- Life's simple.
You make choices and
you don't look back.
- So, if you don't
drift to win,
what do you drift for?
- You really want to know?
- Yeah.
- Okay. Let's go.
( Japanese
hip-hop music playing )
( tires screech )
* So what cha sayin'
unknown creation
* Wha wha resounding voice
say wha
* So what cha sayin'
unknown creation
* Wha wha resounding voice
say wha
* So what cha sayin'
unknown creation
* Wha wha
* So what cha sayin'
unknown creation
* Resounding voice
for concatenation
* Resounding voice for
unknown creation
- There's no "wax on,
wax off" with drifting.
Learn by doin' it.
The first drifters invented
drifting out here
in the mountains by feeling it.
So feel it.
Again!
- What's in this bag?
- You'll see.
How much you got?
Keep going, keep going.
( speaking Japanese )
- I'm so good, man, I could
sell rubbers to a monk.
- Again.
( no audible dialogue )
- Oi, oi, oi, oi.
( chattering )
- Watch it.
Watch it.
Not too early, now.
Go, go, go, go!
[Speaking Japanese]
Not bad.
- Don't lose it!
Don't lose it!
- Yeehaw!
[Speaking Japanese]
Hey Han...
Take a look at this.
You have a visitor.
- Hey, Twink.
Get this man a bunk.
( cheering)
( screaming )
( cheering )
- Pleasure doing business.
- Yeah, baby. I told you.
I told you, didn't I?
( speaking Japanese )
- It's actually not bad.
I didn't even have
to put ketchup on it.
See, I'm not a total gaijin.
- I hate that word.
It's what they used
to call me when I was a kid.
- I thought you
were born here.
- Well, "outsider" can mean
many different things.
My mom died when I was 10.
She came out here from Australia
when she finished high school.
And all I know about her
is that she went to work
in a hostess bar.
DK's grandmother
took me in.
- Well, my parents split up
when I was three.
Me and Mom moved around a lot.
Mostly 'cause of me.
Well, it was all
'cause of me.
Kind of made
myself an outsider,
you know, without
even thinking about it.
But I realize now,
outsider or insider,
it doesn't
really matter.
All that matters is knowing
what you really want
and going after it.
- We used to come up here
when we were kids.
Even before we could drive
we'd cut class, sneak out,
come up here, and watch
the older kids drift.
Things were different
back then.
Once I got my license,
I practically lived up here.
Back then, kids just
drove whatever they had.
You know, we just made do.
No one bothered us.
- The day I got my license
is the day I got
my first speeding ticket.
The day after that,
I won my first race.
I beat this rich kid
by three lengths.
I gotta admit, it felt good.
It felt like--
- Like everything else
just disappears.
- No past and no future.
- No problems.
Just the moment.
- Boy needs to chill.
Hey, Twink, I'm gonna
grab another set.
- Whoa!
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa!
Another set? No.
Look, that was your
third set today.
I mean, them tires
ain't cheap.
( cars approaching )
- DK, grab a chair.
We're about to roast
some marshmallows.
- Yo, come on, man, look--
- Stay away from her,
or the only thing you'll be
driving is a wheelchair.
( speaking Japanese )
- Find yourself a new driver.
( spits )
- I'm all right.
- What'd you expect?
You didn't just play
with fire,
you soaked
the matches in gasoline.
( chattering in Japanese )
- It's over.
( speaking Japanese )
- All this over a gaijin?
- I am a gaijin.
You've changed, DK.
- You say I've changed.
But we're not so different,
you and I.
We're both products
of fuckups, aren't we?
They say your mom was
the best trick
in all of Kabukicho
back in the day.
- Leave my mother
out of this.
- If we hadn't taken you in,
you'd be just like her,
doing anything for a buck.
- Think anyone would
take a second look at you
if it wasn't
for your uncle?
- We're the same, Neela.
Difference is I know who
I am and where I belong.
Do you know who you are?
Do you know where you belong?
- Hey.
Come on.
( video game noises )
( speaking Japanese )
[Speaking Japanese]
Uncle.
Uncle Kamata,
I was just about to go see you.
Have you been well?
Yes.
Here's last week's take.
Business good?
Please.
To tell you the truth...
I look over these
printouts of yours...
and I don't understand half of
what I'm looking at.
( chuckles )
It looks more complicated
than it is.
Then how is it even I
am able to figure out...
that your partner is
stealing from us?
Even if that were true...
It couldn't have been much,
uncle. I would've caught it.
There's an old saying:
For want of a nail...
the horseshoe was lost.
For want of a horseshoe,
the steed was lost.
For want of a steed...
the message was
not delivered.
For want of an
undelivered message...
the war was lost.
( chuckles )
I miss your father.
( cars approaching )
- Hey, brother.
- I vouched for you!
Put my reputation
on the line for you!
We were partners!
You think you can keep
your side deals from me?
- Come on.
We ain't in the Boy Scouts.
This is what we do.
- Takashi!
- What about now?
Hmm? Is this what we do?
- Man, you need me.
You'd still be
shaking down teahouses
for chump change
if it wasn't for me.
( speaking Japanese )
( grunting )
- Get in!
- Go! Go! Go!
- Come on.
( laughs )
( speaking Japanese )
( honking )
( crash )
( screams )
( honking )
( gasps )
- Sean. Sean!
( honking )
( screaming )
( gunshots )
( revs engine )
( no audible dialogue )
( doorbuzzer sounds )
( car approaching )
- Takashi.
[Speaking Japanese]
Get in.
- I wouldn't do that
if I were you.
- Okay.
I'll go with you.
- Neela.
- See you when
Daddy's not around.
- I'm putting you on
a plane tonight.
- Dad--
- Sean, don't argue with me.
- I did this.
I can't run away.
I can't.
- Sean, I'm your father.
I'm responsible
for your well-being.
- And I'm responsible
for my mess.
I gotta do this.
Can you understand that?
- At least you're not
redoing my mistakes.
- You all right, man?
We're leaving town.
Look, I know some people--
- I can't do it, Twink.
- Look, DK wants your head.
All right?
And the trouble you
just made for Kamata?
You're done here, bro.
- Maybe I should
talk to Kamata.
- What?
- DK answers to him.
- I know I just
didn't hear that.
- I gotta end this.
I'm gonna go talk to him.
- What, are you crazy, huh?
Han is dead, all right!
Plus, you can't just walk
into Kamata's place, man!
- It's all I got.
- Something I think Han
would've wanted you to have.
- What's this?
- You're gonna need it
if you're gonna make it out
of Kamata's place alive.
- Don't you need it?
- No, it's cool.
Look, I'll figure it out.
[Speaking Japanese]
I'd like to see Mr. Kamata,
please.
( crowd chattering in Japanese )
- Sean.
You need to leave.
- You came to the wrong place.
- I didn't come here
to see you.
- Takashi.
Who's your friend?
Nobody.
I can handle this.
I have something which
belongs to you, sir.
- You think you can
walk in here,
dump some cash
and walk out?
- I know I'm only returning
what belonged to you
in the first place, sir.
But that's not why
I really came.
I came here to apologize.
I know your nephew and I have
embarrassed ourselves badly.
Don't listen to this gaijin.
Takashi...
after everything you've
done, you're giving
me orders?
I apologize.
- Sir, I'm here to offer you
a peaceful solution.
- How do you plan
to accomplish that?
- A race.
( laughing )
- DK and I have caused nothing
but problems for you, for us.
And I'm asking you to
allow us to settle this,
once and for all.
We race
and the loser
leaves town for good.
- I've already beat this
piece of shit once!
- Good.
Then it should be easy.
- The cops took all the cars.
- Hey!
- That's why she's spitting.
We almost there, Twink.
Couple more tweaks.
- It's not the car
I'm worried about, man.
DK picked this road
for a reason.
This is his mountain.
He's the only one to ever
make it to the bottom.
- Yo.
( speaking Japanese )
( rev engine )
- Yeah!
( screaming )
- Yes!
( cheering )
- Aw!
- Come on, man, come on!
- Yeah!
( laughs )
( grunts )
- Yeah!
- Come on!
- Woo!
- Come on, Sean.
- Sean's the boss.
Let's go.
( grunts )
- Damn! Come on, man!
That ain't right.
( laughs )
( cheering )
- Ah!
( gasps )
( cheering )
- Yeah!
- That's my boy right there.
( cheering )
( grunting )
- Yeah, baby!
That's what
I'm talking about, man.
I told you!
[Speaking Japanese]
You're free to go.
- * I wonder if you know
* How they live in Tokyo
* If you see me then
you mean it
* Then you know you
have to go
* Fast and furious
* Drift, Drift, Drift
- Hey, yo, Sean!
Yo, Sean!
Hey, check this out, man.
This dude over here
wanna race the new DK.
Heard he's been beating
everybody around Asia, too.
- Not tonight, Twinkie.
- Said he knew Han.
Said Han was family.
- All right.
Let's race.
( cheering )
- Nice ride.
- I won it from our friend Han
a few years ago.
- I didn't know he was
into American muscle.
- He was when he was
rolling with me.
- You know this ain't
no 10-second race.
- I got nothing but time.
You ready, kid?
( engine revs )
( cheering )
- Come on, Sean!
Come on!
- Ready!
- Set!
- Go!
- * Rock, I rock
* I rock, I rock, I rock
- * I roll, I roll, I roll
- * Rock, I rock
* I rock, I rock, I rock
- ( rapping in Spanish )
- * He's so crazy
He's so crazy
* He's so--
* He's so crazy
He's so crazy
* He's so--
- * Far east to west
* Mic check
* One, two, three four,
teriyaki
( rapping in Japanese )
- * So hard, so hard,
chou large
* He's so crazy
He's so crazy
* He's so--
* So hard, so hard,
chou large
* He's so crazy
He's so crazy
* He's so--
( rapping in Japanese )
- * We Got Big Jewels,
Big Cars
* Big Watch with a Pair
of big stars
* Ice cream with
an Astronaut
* You don't understand
mammy we chou large
* This that big shit
* Shake it like
you ape shit
- * So hard, so hard,
chou large
* He's so crazy
He's so crazy
* He's so--
* He's so crazy
He's so crazy